Just think
I feel a little sad
This could be a hallucination you have after your injury
Don't worry too much.
In fact, I was once involved in a car accident
Lost some memory
I was thinking
Could this dream be related to my lost memory?
Could it be that the woman three years ago was Adi?
that
Did she miscarry my baby by accident?
Me.
I once hurt Adi
Maybe
Oh brother
Are you tired?
I'll be fine here by myself, go back and rest
A Ting
You don't have to think about it.
You just need to remember
You are my favorite woman
What do you have?
OK, I see.
Go out first
Okay, go get busy.
I can do it myself here.
My best friend will pick me up later.
OK. Let me know when you get home.
Have a good rest.
Mr. Shen is Bai Xiaoxue who wants to see you
Let him in yeah
How could you do this to me?
You forget that I saved you with my innocence three years ago
He's going to marry me again
But you haven't had a partner yet.
Take on our company
Is it because of Jiang Lin Lairuo?
Are you sure it was you who saved me three years ago?